3	"us 500 futures discussions. hey guys what is gold's history in may?
1029	jd ubs yijia niu o (52617) bonds and structured products-[maturity announcement-cbbc]. jd ubs yijia niu o (52617) mandatory redemption event and early expiry notice of callable bull/bear contracts issued by ubs bank (91kb, pdf) report to today&#39;s hong kong economic journal, dr. yuen kangjue | xinhealth ye yongkeng | wealth management international finance | today 04:44 important notice | yesterday 23:26 important notice | yesterday 23:29 important notice | yesterday 23:10 international finance | today 04:10 important notice | current events at 23:11 yesterday | today 00:36 international finance | today 04:09 important notices | today 08:22 international finance | today 07:59 real-time news analysis and commentary today&#39;s newsletter series stock financial management real estate life/innovation technology subscription to the popular hong kong economic journal | terms of service | privacy policy | disclaimer | advertising inquiry | join the hong kong economic journal | contact the economic journal stock and index information is provided by financial intelligence network limited. futures index information is provided by tianhui finance co., ltd. foreign exchange and gold quotes are provided by reuters. the content of this website does not constitute any investment advice, and the content of this website is not compiled for the specific investment objectives, financial situation and individual needs of any individual investor. investors should not invest solely based on the content of this website. before making any investment decision, investors should consider the characteristics of the product, their own investment objectives, the degree of risk tolerable and other factors, and appropriately seek independent financial and professional advice. this website and its information providers endeavor to provide accurate and reliable information, but it does not guarantee that the information is absolutely correct. the company will not be responsible for any errors or omissions in the information that may cause you to suffer losses.
9	gold futures discussions. so, any more short paper expire? moy said, but it's only a matter of time before the short contracts keeping the price down expire.
13	gold futures discussions. i read somewhere that ounces of gold per person were almost constant in history, but not the money...  all previous reserve currencies failed, probably it is dollar turn with modern monetary theory at wh
18	ali ubs yijia niu d (52614) bonds and structured products-[maturity announcement-cbbc]. ali ubs yijia niu d(52614) mandatory redemption event and early expiry notice of callable bull/bear contracts issued by swiss bank (93kb, pdf) report to today’s hong kong economic journal, dr. yuen kangjue | xinhealth ye yongkeng | wealth management international finance | today 04:44 important notice | yesterday 23:26 important notice | yesterday 23:29 important notice | yesterday 23:10 international finance | today 04:10 current affairs | today 00:36 important notice | yesterday 23:11 international finance | today 04:09 important notice | today 08:22 international finance | today 07:59 real-time news analysis and commentary today&#39;s letter series stock financial management real estate life/innovation technology subscription to the popular hong kong economic journal | terms of service | privacy policy | disclaimer | advertising inquiry | join the hong kong economic journal | futures index information is provided by tianhui finance co., ltd. foreign exchange and gold quotes are provided by reuters. the content of this website does not constitute any investment advice, and the content of this website is not compiled for the specific investment objectives, financial situation and individual needs of any individual investor. investors should not invest solely based on the content of this website. before making any investment decision, investors should consider the characteristics of the product, their own investment objectives, the degree of risk tolerable and other factors, and appropriately seek independent financial and professional advice. this website and its information providers endeavor to provide accurate and reliable information, but it does not guarantee that the information is absolutely correct. the company will not be responsible for any errors or omissions in the information that may cause you to suffer losses.
38	gold futures discussions. i m ready
1068	gold futures discussions. there accumulation...
45	gold futures discussions. 1760 maybe?
1070	silver futures discussions. don't short this. it will be scary up in may.
1071	silver futures discussions. feels like watching paint dry today...
46	gold futures discussions. lmao. yields fall .00000000002% and ameros fag says yields support gold rise
55	european stocks rely on stable investment sentiment in the early stage. the economic growth in the united states in the first quarter was better than expected, and the number of people claiming unemployment benefits for the first time last week decreased. coupled with the fed&#39;s dovish remarks, the market sentiment was positive, and european stock markets stabilized in the early stages. as of 3:40 pm hong kong time, the uk ftse 100 index reported 6985 points, up 24 points or %; germany’s dax index reported 15,228 points, up 73 points or %; france’s cac 40 index reported 6316 points, up 14 points or %; italy&#39;s ftse mib index reported 24387 points, up 109 points or %. dow futures temporarily reported 33,909 points, down 42 points. the initial value of the us gross domestic product (gdp) in the first quarter increased by 6.4% annually. although it was lower than the 6.7% expected, it was significantly faster than the 4.3% in the fourth quarter of last year. during the period, personal consumption rose 10.7%, slightly higher than estimated . the london copper futures rose above the level of us$10,000 per ton. it reached a high of us$10,008 earlier, which is close to the high of us$10,190 in 2011, and it has recently softened to us$9,881. the price of ethereum, the world&#39;s second-largest cryptocurrency, hit a record high on thursday. according to coindesk data, the price of ether has risen to a record high of us$2,800 in the past 24 hours. the latest price is still up % to us$2, bitcoin (bitcoin) slightly improved, quoted at $54, the us economy is in good condition, which has caused us bond yields to rise. the latest 10-year us bond yield was reported at %; spot gold was reported at us$1, per ounce. oil prices have softened. new york crude oil futures are currently quoted at us$ per barrel, down us$ or %; london brent oil futures are reported at us$, down us$ or %.
1083	silver futures discussions. do not exept shares and properties will come down,,, they will go higher as long we have fiatmoney....
1093	silver futures discussions. sold 68502
1102	gold futures discussions.  buy time you say buy dips and sell time you say dive ...
80	gold futures discussions. scoop it... too easy... buy.. buy... buy
1104	asia stocks steady after gdp spurs us gains. shares were little changed in south korea and japan, where markets reopened after a holiday. futures pointed lower in hong kong     asian stocks fluctuated friday after another all-time record for the  market overnight, as investors weighed the latest corporate earnings and solid economic growth data. shares were little changed in south korea and japan, where markets reopened after a holiday. futures pointed lower in hong kong.  contracts slipped following a new high for the s&p 500. a mixed batch of earnings reports thursday included disappointments for ford motor co. and twitter inc., and gains for facebook inc. and  inc. concerns about chip shortages wiped out an earnings-driven advance for apple inc.  trending stories   treasuries weakened and the dollar was steady in early asia trade. china’s purchasing managers surveys signaled expansion in manufacturing and services activity in the world’s second-largest economy, after the  reported growth at a 6.4% annualized pace in the first quarter. investors are anticipating more support from the government to add the optimism from economic numbers. president joe biden has unveiled a $1.8 trillion social package in addition to his infrastructure plans. and there’s no sign yet of the federal reserve withdrawing policy accommodation, with chair jerome powell reasserting this week that he’s looking for more progress in the jobs market, and that inflation pressures are likely temporary. “all evidence still points to continued support from both fiscal and monetary policy against a backdrop of accelerating corporate earnings," said mark haefele, ubs global wealth management’s chief investment officer. “this reinforces our view that markets can advance further, with cyclical parts of the market -- such as financials, energy, and value stocks -- likely to benefit most from the global upswing." meanwhile, copper topped $10,000 a metric ton for the first time since 2011, nearing that year’s record high as the global recovery stokes demand and mines struggle to keep up. crude oil traded just below $65 a barrel as signs of strengthening demand from the  to china stoked optimism that key markets are turning a corner in their recovery. these are some of the main moves in markets: stocks  more from this section   s&p 500 futures dipped 0.2% as of 10:11  in tokyo. the benchmark index closed 0.7% higher nasdaq 100 contracts fell 0.3%, after the index rose 0.5% japan’s topix index was steady south korea’s kospi shed 0.1% australia’s s&p/asx 200 index slipped 0.6% hang seng index futures dropped 0.3% earlier currencies  the euro was little changed at $ the british pound was at $ the japanese yen traded at  per dollar the bloomberg dollar spot index was steady bonds  the yield on 10-year treasuries advanced two basis points to % australia’s 10-year yield rose three basis points to % commodities  west texas intermediate crude traded just below $65 a barrel gold dipped 0.3% to $1, an ounce   this story has been published from a wire agency feed without modifications to the text. only the headline has been changed.    subscribe to mint newsletters   * enter a valid email  * thank you for subscribing to our newsletter.
102	gold futures eke out gain on volatile day, silver near rs 67,550/kg: what analysts say - domestic gold prices seesa…
1128	precious-under-supplied palladium races past $3,000/oz for first time. * graphic: 2021 asset performance * spot gold falls after strong  economic data on thursday (adds comments, details and updates prices)by sethuraman n r and peter hobsonapril 30 (reuters) - palladium pierced the $3,000 an ounce high for the first time on friday, powered by persistent concerns about short supply of the metal used primarily for emissions-controlling devices in  xpd= was last up 1% to $2, per ounce, after hitting an all-time high of $3, it was on track to post a monthly gain as well."palladium is in a structural deficit since 10 years. we have seen above ground inventories falling to very low levels, and now the price gives a signal to investors still holding it," ubs analyst giovanni staunovo said."the commodity ... comes with very low trading volume so it can be very illiquid and this is making the moves even more crazy. this rally can continue, particularly if car sales start to improve going forward."demand from the auto industry is rising and expected to climb further as a semiconductor chip shortage that has curtailed vehicle production eases later this year. commerzbank (de:cbkg) analyst carsten fritsch said prices are unlikely to see a sustained run above $3,000, with substitution likely to bring prices down as the year goes on."at this level more and more car manufacturers will think about substitution (of palladium for platinum)."a shift to electric vehicles may also eventually erode palladium demand, although tightening environmental rules have forced carmakers to use more and more palladium in their gasoline engines in recent years. spot gold xau= was down 0.2% at $1,769 per ounce by 0910 gmt.  gold futures gcv1 were steady at $1, showed on thursday that  economic growth accelerated in the first quarter. a report from the  labor department showed a dip in initial claims for state unemployment  xag= fell 0.5% to $ per ounce, though was poised for an over 6% monthly gain - its biggest since last  xpt= was up 0.7% at $1,206.
1130	gold futures discussions. caught between still
1137	silver futures discussions.  90% scary up in may and the next few month. 10% go down. for me, i will not short this until 13 may
629	gold futures discussions. double top formed. sell
1143	european equities: it’s a busy economic calendar with gdp figures in focus. french gdp (qoq) (q1)german gdp (qoq) (q1)german gdp (yoy) (q1)spanish gdp (qoq) (q1)italian cpi (mom) (apr) prelimeurozone cpi (yoy) (apr) prelimeurozone unemployment rate (mar)eurozone gdp (qoq) (q1)eurozone gdp (yoy) (q1)the majors it was a relatively bearish day for the european majors on thursday. the dax30 fell by %, with the cac40 and the eurostoxx600 seeing losses of % and %  data from the u.s failed to prevent a pullback from early gains, with stats from germany  downside came amidst positive earnings results from both side of the atlantic. from the eurozone, airbus returned to profit, with total se beating  stats it was a busier day on the economic calendar on thursday. the german economy was back in focus, with unemployment and inflation figures the key stats of the  april inflation figures from spain and finalized consumer confidence figures from the eurozone were also out. the stats had a muted impact on the european  april, unemployment increased by 9k, reversing a 6k decline from march. economists had forecast a 10k  unemployment rose in the month, the unemployment rate held steady at 6.0%.in april, consumer prices rose by 0.7% month-on-month, according to prelim figures. in march, consumer prices had risen by 0.5%.according to destatis, from the u.s gdp and the weekly jobless claim figures were in  the 1st quarter, the u.s economy expanded by 6.4%, following 4.3% growth in the 4th quarter of last year. economists had forecast growth of 6.1%.jobless claim figures were also positive for riskier assets. in the week ending 23rd april, initial jobless claims fell from 566k to 553k. this was marginally higher than a forecast of  market movers for the dax: it was a bearish day for the auto sector on thursday. continental and volkswagen slid by % and by % respectively. bmw and daimler ended the day with losses of % and % on the  was another bullish day for the banks, however. deutsche bank rallied by  %, with commerzbank gaining by %.from the cac, it was a relatively bullish day for the banks. soc gen rose by %, with bnp paribas and credit agricole gaining % and %  was a bearish day for the french auto sector. stellantis nv and renault slid by % and by %  france-klm ended the day flat, while airbus se gained %.on the vix index it was back into the green for the vix on  a % fall from wednesday, the vix rose by % to end the day at  dow and the s&p500 rose by % and by % respectively, with the nasdaq ending the day up by %.the day ahead it’s a busy day ahead on the european economic calendar. 1st quarter gdp numbers for france, germany, and the eurozone will be in focus early in the  the markets expecting restrictions in the quarter to have weighed on growth, we can expect plenty of interest in the  stats include prelim inflation figures for france, italy, and the eurozone and the march unemployment rate for the  the u.s, personal spending and inflation figures will also influence later in the day. following the fed’s assurances of unwavering support, however, a pickup in inflationary pressure should have limited impact on riskier  the corporate earnings front, chevron corp is scheduled to release earnings today…the futures in the futures markets, at the time of writing, the dow mini was down by 28  a look at all of today’s economic events, check out our economic  article was originally posted on fx empiremore from fxempire: the crypto daily – movers and shakers – april 30th, 2021 silver price daily forecast – silver moves lower as treasury yields rise why shares of ford are down by 9% today? crude oil price update – trading on strong side of short-term retracement zone at $ to $ comcast shares rise after q1 earnings blow past estimates; target price $65 gold price prediction – prices slip on strong gdp figures
631	zhongliang holdings (02772) notice of annual general meeting / suspension of registration procedures or change of date of suspension of registration. zhongliang holdings (02772) notice of annual general meeting (339kb, pdf) previous post: today&#39;s hong kong economic journal | today&#39;s hong kong economic journal | today&#39;s economic journal | today&#39;s economic journal | today&#39;s economic journal | dr. yuen kangjue | sino health | wealth management international finance | today 04 :44 important notice | today 08:22 hong kong stocks direct attack | today 10:31 international finance | today 07:59 real estate news | today 09:50 hong kong stocks direct attack | today 13:38 current affairs pulse | today 11:15 current affairs pulse | today 09: 45 hong kong stocks direct attack | today&#39;s 09:28 instant market comment | today&#39;s 13:44 real-time news analysis and commentary today&#39;s economic journal series stock wealth management real estate life/innovation and technology subscription hot newsletter introduction| terms of service| privacy policy| disclaimer| advertising inquiry| join the hong kong economic journal | contact china economic journal stock and index information is provided by financial intelligence network limited. futures index information is provided by tianhui finance co., ltd. foreign exchange and gold quotes are provided by reuters. the content of this website does not constitute any investment advice, and the content of this website is not compiled for the specific investment objectives, financial situation and individual needs of any individual investor. investors should not invest solely based on the content of this website. before making any investment decision, investors should consider the characteristics of the product, their own investment objectives, the degree of risk tolerable and other factors, and appropriately seek independent financial and professional advice. this website and its information providers endeavor to provide accurate and reliable information, but it does not guarantee that the information is absolutely correct. the company will not be responsible for any errors or omissions in the information that may cause you to suffer losses.
632	gold futures discussions. how can you be so sure? here gold moved from 1765 to 1772 and still in mcx gold is at 46750 strange! absolutely strange!
1148	gold futures discussions. ameros funding should get bent and impaled by a horse
130	gold futures discussions.   it will reach below 1750?
131	silver futures discussions. why moment not saw from ,any problem let me know anybody
1163	gold futures discussions. ouchhh... pain in the a/s/ss
1175	silver futures discussions.  in one hour
1187	gold futures discussions. too many buyers r there in mcx,, bcoz of covid situation n lockdown.. like last year,, so i think it's testing the patience of mcx buyers
1194	#futures #markets down, pulling back to short term ema support, flagging still on the daily. gold pulling back to a…
171	gold futures discussions. ani time blast gold
173	silver futures discussions. once 69200 cross then again boom possible till 69500
1197	gome retail (00493) circular-[others]. today&#39;s hong kong economic journal | today&#39;s hong kong economic journal | today&#39;s economic journal | today&#39;s economic journal | dr. yuen kangjuu | xinhealth ye yongkeng | wealth management international finance | today 04:44 current events | today 00:36 international finance | today 04:10 international finance | today 04:09 hong kong stocks direct attack | today 10:31 important notices | today 08:22 international finance | today 07:59 international finance | today 01:03 hong kong stocks direct attack | today 09:28 hong kong finance | today 03:26 real-time news analysis and comment today&#39;s hong kong economic journal series stock wealth management real estate life/innovation and technology newsletter introduction | terms of service | privacy policy | disclaimer | advertising enquiry | join the hong kong economic journal | contact economic journal stock and index information is provided by financial intelligence network limited. futures index information is provided by tianhui finance co., ltd. foreign exchange and gold quotes are provided by reuters. the content of this website does not constitute any investment advice, and the content of this website is not compiled for the specific investment objectives, financial situation and individual needs of any individual investor. investors should not invest solely based on the content of this website. before making any investment decision, investors should consider the characteristics of the product, their own investment objectives, the degree of risk tolerable and other factors, and appropriately seek independent financial and professional advice. this website and its information providers endeavor to provide accurate and reliable information, but it does not guarantee that the information is absolutely correct. the company will not be responsible for any errors or omissions in the information that may cause you to suffer losses.
1208	nigel farage: brexiteer, scourge of the woke – and eco-warrior?. file photo: british brexit party leader nigel farage speaks during a visit at dover harbour, in dover by susanna twidale london (reuters) – love him or hate him, it’s hard to accuse nigel farage of being boring or predictable – and britain’s brexit champion has blindsided his critics once again. fresh from leaving politics, the most high-profile face of the campaign to leave the european union has joined the advisory board of a dutch carbon offset company aiming to plant three trillion trees by 2030. it may seem an unlikely career choice for a man who has been scathing about wind power, criticised some environmental campaigners for what he called climate alarmism and declared war on the “woke agenda”. yet farage said the attraction of the new role, as an adviser and spokesman with amsterdam-listed carbon offset company dutch green business (dgb), was about conservation and nature rather than just combating climate change – on which he says the science is still not completely settled. “i think people will want to plant trees and increase biodiversity through dgb who are actually quite sceptical about climate change. equally there will be others who are very concerned about it,” the 57-year-old told reuters. “if their motivations are more about biodiversity than they are about climate change, so what?” he said. dgb ceo selwyn duijvestijn said the very image that made farage appear an unlikely choice would help to broaden the company’s message to reach people beyond those traditionally interested in nature. “50% of the world love the greta thunbergs of this world to bring them the message that nature is important, but then there is the other 50% … the oil workers in texas for instance … and they would rather listen to nigel,” duijvestijn said. yet some established figures in the carbon market expressed concern over the appointment. “we are astonished that an organisation that, presumably, seeks to be seen as credible, has enlisted as a spokesperson and adviser someone who has wilfully impeded progress on climate action by sowing doubt about the reality and urgency of climate change,” said sarah leugers, director of communications at gold standard, one of the biggest carbon offset registries. dgb’s first offsets have been bought from a forest project in sierra leone from established decarbonisation project developer south pole but duijvestijn says it expects to develop future projects itself. farage’s entrance may force dgb to hasten that transition; south pole said it was concerned about his appointment and had decided to forgo future agreements with the company. responding to the criticisms, dgb said farage was an agent for change who can be “a force for good” in championing reforestation. carbon offsets, or credits, are generated by emissions-reduction projects, such as tree planting or shifts to less polluting fuels. these credits are then bought by companies or individuals to help compensate for their own emissions. currently the market is small, with a mostly bilateral, project by project approach. but with more and more companies announcing net-zero climate targets, the market is expected to balloon over the coming years, attracting more financial institutions. some exchanges, such as cme, have launched futures offset contracts this year, and dgb said it hoped to harness the commodities expertise of farage, who spent years as a trader on the london metal exchange.
185	under-supplied metal palladium races past $3,000/oz for first time. meanwhile, spot gold was down 0.2% at $1,769 per ounce by 0910 gmt.       palladium pierced the $3,000 an ounce high for the first time on friday, powered by persistent concerns about short supply of the metal used primarily for emissions-controlling devices in automobiles. palladium was last up 1% to $2, per ounce, after hitting an all-time high of $3, it was on track to post a monthly gain as well. "palladium is in a structural deficit since 10 years. we have seen above ground inventories falling to very low levels, and now the price gives a signal to investors still holding it," ubs analyst giovanni staunovo said. "the commodity ... comes with very low trading volume so it can be very illiquid and this is making the moves even more crazy. this rally can continue, particularly if car sales start to improve going forward." demand from the auto industry is rising and expected to climb further as a semiconductor chip shortage that has curtailed vehicle production eases later this year. but commerzbank analyst carsten fritsch said prices are unlikely to see a sustained run above $3,000, with substitution likely to bring prices down as the year goes on. "at this level more and more car manufacturers will think about substitution (of palladium for platinum)." a shift to electric vehicles may also eventually erode palladium demand, although tightening environmental rules have forced carmakers to use more and more palladium in their gasoline engines in recent years. meanwhile, spot gold was down 0.2% at $1,769 per ounce by 0910 gmt.  gold futures were steady at $1, data showed on thursday that  economic growth accelerated in the first quarter. separately, a report from the  labor department showed a dip in initial claims for state unemployment benefits. silver fell 0.5% to $ per ounce, though was poised for an over 6% monthly gain - its biggest since last december. platinum was up 0.7% at $1,206.   (reporting by nallur sethuraman in bengaluru, additional reporting by peter hobson in london; editing by emelia sithole-matarise)    dear reader,  business standard has always strived hard to provide up-to-date information and commentary on developments that are of interest to you and have wider political and economic implications for the country and the world.  your encouragement and constant feedback on how to improve our offering have only made our resolve and commitment to these ideals stronger.  even during these difficult times arising out of covid-19, we continue to remain committed to keeping you informed and updated with credible news, authoritative views and incisive commentary on topical issues of relevance. we, however, have a request. as we battle the economic impact of the pandemic, we need your support even more, so that we can continue to offer you more quality content. our subscription model has seen an encouraging response from many of you, who have subscribed to our online content. more subscription to our online content can only help us achieve the goals of offering you even better and more relevant content. we believe in free, fair and credible journalism. your support through more subscriptions can help us practise the journalism to which we are committed. support quality journalism and subscribe to business standard . digital editor
1209	gold futures discussions.   is not about that it is about trend. markets do listen powell, we traders follow trends  to make money. no matter bull or bear.
219	silver futures discussions. silver
228	gold futures discussions. bears game...
232	silver futures discussions. usd/inr at support so the advantage to run by double engine ( plunging zi price and plunging usd/inr ) is gone so now the fall will depend mostly on zi  so the rate of fall will not be much
243	gold futures discussions. gold loses either way. if the dollar rises, gold falls. if the dollar falls, the banks add more shorts so gold doesn't look good
269	gold futures discussions. dis wik is crazy, wiped me out
784	silver futures.   if usdinr  goes up when ll see a good  bounce,,
287	gold futures discussions. enjoy the  profit
804	china internet investment (00810) others-the latest situation of business development. china internet investment (00810) voluntary announcement-memorandum of understanding (204kb, pdf) on a potential investment in a live e-commerce marketing platform company today&#39;s hong kong economic journal, dr. yuen kangjiu | shine health ye yongkeng | important wealth management notice | today 08:22 hong kong stocks direct attack | today 10:31 international finance | today 07:59 current events | today 09:45 hong kong stocks direct attack | today 13:38 current affairs pulse | today 11:15 real estate news | today 09:50 current events pulse | today 12:42 instant market review | today 13:44 hong kong stocks direct attack | today 09:28 real-time news analysis and commentary today&#39;s economic journal series stock wealth management real estate life/innovation technology subscription to the popular hong kong economic journal | terms of service | privacy policy | disclaimer | advertising inquiry | join the hong kong economic journal | futures index information is provided by tianhui finance co., ltd. foreign exchange and gold quotes are provided by reuters. the content of this website does not constitute any investment advice, and the content of this website is not compiled for the specific investment objectives, financial situation and individual needs of any individual investor. investors should not invest solely based on the content of this website. before making any investment decision, investors should consider the characteristics of the product, their own investment objectives, the degree of risk tolerable and other factors, and appropriately seek independent financial and professional advice. this website and its information providers endeavor to provide accurate and reliable information, but it does not guarantee that the information is absolutely correct. the company will not be responsible for any errors or omissions in the information that may cause you to suffer losses.
295	gold futures discussions. fake spike, and many bulls trapped like $1781 past 24 hours... then rapid dive -$25 and many rip
299	gold futures discussions. kelattu pa y ur confusing
815	silver futures discussions. according to google india and china are by far the biggest consumers of silver. do you see the situation impacting this? are factories etc shutdown?
817	gold futures discussions. with us high spending bills (trillions), this will fly as soon the inflation will show up. just wait...
306	gold futures discussions. i heard that fridays are always green, is that true? :)
310	recovery hopes drive shares, us treasury yields. world share indices extended gains and treasury yields rose on thursday, after strong  economic data and the federal reserve's commitment to continue supporting the economy fueled confidence in a  economic growth accelerated in the first quarter, fueled by massive government aid to households and businesses, charting the course for what is expected will be the strongest annual performance in nearly four decades."assuming that covid variants remain contained, the second quarter is set for a further acceleration in growth as the re-openings continue," said katherine judge, senior economist at cibc capital  york city aims to "fully reopen" on july 1 after more than a year of closures and capacity restrictions, mayor bill de blasio 's gauge of stocks across the globe gained %, closing at an all-time high and remaining on course for its best month since  s&p 500 also closed at a record high. the nasdaq composite hit a record intraday high before paring some  dow jones industrial average rose  points, or %, to 34,, the s&p 500 gained  points, or %, to 4, and the nasdaq composite added  points, or %, to 14, 10-year treasury notes last fell 4/32 in price to yield %, from % late on wednesday."the economy is going to run hot these next couple of months and the bond market sell-off will return and could make treasury yields attempt to test the end of march highs," said edward moya, senior market analyst at oanda in new  dollar stayed just off nine-week lows as the fed's dovish outlook and bold spending plans from the white house furthered expectations that inflation will  dollar index rose %, with the euro up % to $ chair jerome powell said on wednesday that "it is not time yet" to begin discussing any change in policy after the  central bank left interest rates and its bond-buying program unchanged, despite taking a more optimistic view of the country's economic  on wednesday,  president joe biden proposed a sweeping new $1.8 trillion spending plan in a speech to a joint session of  fed's stance, strong  corporate earnings and the notion that biden is going big on infrastructure were all supportive for markets, said françois savary, chief investment officer at swiss wealth manager prime partners."the fed confirmed the roadmap for any change in policy, which is a reassuring factor," he said. "it looks like tapering won't materialize until 2022 and that has induced weakness for the dollar, is supportive of market liquidity and means less pressure on emerging markets."msci's broadest index of asia-pacific shares outside japan closed % higher, while japan's nikkei rose %.european stocks ended lower as a rise in euro zone bond yields caused investors to lock in profits at near-record  pan-european stoxx 600 index fell 0.3% to , coming further off a record peak of  hit last  prices were on track to hit six-week highs as strong  economic data, a weak dollar and an expected recovery in demand outweighed concerns about rising output and the impact of higher covid-19 cases in brazil and  crude futures settled at $ per barrel, up 1.8%. brent crude futures settled at $ per barrel, up 1.9%.gold fell as  treasury yields  gold dropped 0.4% to $1, an  gold futures gcv1 settled down 0.3% at $1,
822	gold futures discussions. the vaccine i still catch covid and pass it on to granny like you and we both die...so not sure what people are thinking....sounding like fake stuff...lolz
828	gold futures discussions. look at silver reaction
318	gold futures discussions. 1776 maximum
830	gold futures discussions. zyielda loves cup and handle . zyielda put in sweet and low,
832	futures: crude oil        $          -% 🥵 natural gas    $        -% 🥵 gold                $ 176…
833	gold futures discussions. yess waterfall comming
322	silver futures discussions. bullion banks are about to feel the squeeze... retail investors are coming for you... and we will not stop until true price discovery is resolved... fundamentals say that it should not be this way.. keep stacking.
346	silver futures discussions.    if i able to acquire supreme power, my first job will be hand over this country to british emperor again for next 200 years or handover to a international criminal .
350	sunshine oil sands (02012) financial statement/environmental, social and governance information-[annual report]. today&#39;s hong kong economic journal | today&#39;s hong kong economic journal | today&#39;s economic journal | today&#39;s economic journal | today&#39;s economic journal | wealth management international finance | today&#39;s 04:44 important notice | today&#39;s 08:22 hong kong stocks direct attack | today&#39;s 10:31 international finance | today 07:59 real estate news | today 09:50 hong kong stocks direct attack | today 13:38 current affairs pulse | today 11:15 current affairs pulse | today 09:45 hong kong stocks direct attack | today 09:28 immediate market review | today 13:44 real-time news analysis comment on today’s hong kong economic journal series stock financial management real estate life/innovation and technology subscribe to popular economic news brief introduction | terms of service | privacy policy | disclaimer | advertising enquiry | join the hong kong economic journal | contact hong kong economic journal stock and indices information provided by financial intelligence network limited . futures index information is provided by tianhui finance co., ltd. foreign exchange and gold quotes are provided by reuters. the content of this website does not constitute any investment advice, and the content of this website is not compiled for the specific investment objectives, financial situation and individual needs of any individual investor. investors should not invest solely based on the content of this website. before making any investment decision, investors should consider the characteristics of the product, their own investment objectives, the degree of risk tolerable and other factors, and appropriately seek independent financial and professional advice. this website and its information providers endeavor to provide accurate and reliable information, but it does not guarantee that the information is absolutely correct. the company will not be responsible for any errors or omissions in the information that may cause you to suffer losses.
353	gold futures discussions.   i don't daytrade...time you guys start zooming out a little
371	silver futures discussions. convey my wishes to short employee for yesterday work
887	gold futures discussions. no close beneath 1763.8 is important they had an lts bar on yesterday the target 1811.2 from the 10th is still there also they made another at 1786.8
381	gold futures ease below rs 46,900, silver firm: how to trade at current juncture #commoditynews #outlook
898	simor ubs yijia niu e(53255) bonds and structured products-[maturity announcement-cbbc]. smarter ubs yijia niu e(53255) mandatory redemption event and early expiry notice for callable bull/bear contracts issued by ubs (94kb, pdf) hong kong economic journal today, hong kong journalist, dr. yuen kangjou | xin health ye yongkeng | wealth management international finance | today 04:44 important notice | yesterday 23:26 important notice | yesterday 23:29 important notice | yesterday 23:10 important notice | yesterday 23: 11 international finance | today 04:10 international finance | today 04:09 current affairs pulse | today 00:36 hong kong finance | yesterday 22:19 important notices | today 08:22 real-time news analysis and comments introduction to the popular hong kong economic journal | terms of service | privacy policy | disclaimer | advertising inquiry | join the hong kong economic journal | contact the hong kong economic journal stock and index information is provided by financial intelligence network limited. futures index information is provided by tianhui finance co., ltd. foreign exchange and gold quotes are provided by reuters. the content of this website does not constitute any investment advice, and the content of this website is not compiled for the specific investment objectives, financial situation and individual needs of any individual investor. investors should not invest solely based on the content of this website. before making any investment decision, investors should consider the characteristics of the product, their own investment objectives, the degree of risk tolerable and other factors, and appropriately seek independent financial and professional advice. this website and its information providers endeavor to provide accurate and reliable information, but it does not guarantee that the information is absolutely correct. the company will not be responsible for any errors or omissions in the information that may cause you to suffer losses.
404	gold futures. tp tracker  around 1720-40ish is my buy order.
406	zhejiang united investment (08366) change of registered address or office, registered place of hong kong business, or hong kong representative for receiving legal process documents. zhejiang united investment (08366) change of hong kong head office and principal place of business (223kb, pdf) previous post: today&#39;s hong kong economic journal | today&#39;s hong kong economic journal | today&#39;s economic journal | today&#39;s economic journal | today&#39;s economic journal important notice | today 08:22 international finance | today 07:59 hong kong stocks direct attack | today 10:31 current affairs pulse | today 09:45 hong kong stocks direct attack | today 13:38 current affairs pulse | today 11:15 real estate news | today 09:50 that is market review｜ today’s 13:44 current events｜ today’s 12:42 hong kong stocks direct attack｜ today’s 09:28 real-time news analysis and commentary today’s economic journal series stock financial management real estate life/innovation and technology subscription hot newsletter introduction | terms of service | privacy policy | disclaimer statement | advertising enquiry | join the hong kong economic journal | contact hong kong economic journal stock and index information is provided by financial intelligence network limited. futures index information is provided by tianhui finance co., ltd. foreign exchange and gold quotes are provided by reuters. the content of this website does not constitute any investment advice, and the content of this website is not compiled for the specific investment objectives, financial situation and individual needs of any individual investor. investors should not invest solely based on the content of this website. before making any investment decision, investors should consider the characteristics of the product, their own investment objectives, the degree of risk tolerable and other factors, and appropriately seek independent financial and professional advice. this website and its information providers endeavor to provide accurate and reliable information, but it does not guarantee that the information is absolutely correct. the company will not be responsible for any errors or omissions in the information that may cause you to suffer losses.
413	silver futures discussions. at last, rates of silver is live....
926	silver futures discussions. smoking marijuana is great experience when i was young i used to smoke and sit idle for hours and imagination flew high in bright colors think today silver smoke marijuana  and dreaming
935	gold futures discussions. stochs is only used in a bearish trend...it can run way hot in a bullish trend...101 dude
938	silver futures discussions. jay bholenath= 68130<<
940	gold price today: yellow metal trades higher post fed meet; silver may futures rally over 1%
942	gold futures discussions. let me guess this isnt accumulation it's a flying saicer
945	gold futures discussions. hmm, still one way dive... ready to hedge
964	u.s .stocks may give back ground in early trading. (rttnews) - after ending the previous session mostly higher, stocks may move back to the downside in early trading on friday. the major index futures are currently pointing to a lower open for the markets, with the dow futures down by 172 points. profit taking may contribute to initial weakness on wall street after the upward move seen on thursday lifted the s&p 500 to a new record closing high. the tech-heavy nasdaq also reached a record intraday high during yesterday's trading but pulled back and ended the session only modestly higher. a steep drop by shares of twitter (twtr) may weigh on the markets, with the social media giant plunging by 13.4 percent in pre-market trading. the nosedive by twitter comes after the company reported better than expected first quarter results but provided disappointing guidance. on the other hand, shares of amazon (amzn) are likely to see initial strength after the online retail giant reported first quarter earnings that far exceeded analyst estimates. early negative sentiment may be partly offset by a report from the commerce department showing personal income skyrocketed in march amid the distribution of another round of stimulus checks. the commerce department said personal income soared by 21.1 percent in march after plunging by a revised 7.0 percent in february. economists had expected personal income to spike by 20.3 percent compared to the 7.1 percent slump originally reported for the previous month. the report also showed personal spending jumped by 4.2 percent in march following a 1.0 percent decrease in february. personal spending was expected to surge up by 4.1 percent. just after the start of trading, mni indicators is scheduled to release its report on chicago-area business activity in the month of april. the chicago business barometer is expected to edge down to 65.0 in april from 66.3 in march, but a reading above 50 would still indicate growth. the university of michigan is also scheduled to release its revised reading on consumer sentiment in the month of april. the consumer sentiment index for april is currently expected to be upwardly revised to 87.5 from the preliminary reading of 86.5, which was up from 84.9 in march. stocks showed wild fluctuations over the course of the trading session on thursday but managed to end the day mostly higher. with the upward move on the day, the s&p 500 ended the session at a new record closing high. the major averages all closed in positive territory, although the nasdaq underperformed its counterparts. while the nasdaq edged up  points or 0.2 percent to 14,, the dow climbed  points or 0.7 percent to 34, and the s&p 500 advanced  points or 0.7 percent to 4, in overseas trading, stock markets across the asia-pacific region moved mostly lower during trading on friday. japan's nikkei 225 index and china's shanghai composite index both slid by 0.8 percent, while hong kong's hang seng index plunged by 2 percent. meanwhile, the major european markets are turning in a mixed performance on the day. while the french cac 40 index is down by 0.1 percent, the 's ftse 100 index is up by 0.3 percent and the german dax index is up by 0.4 percent. in commodities trading, crude oil futures are tumbling $ to $ a barrel after jumping $ to $ a barrel on thursday. meanwhile, after falling $ to $1, an ounce in the previous session, gold futures are inching up $ to $1, an ounce. on the currency front, the  dollar is trading at  yen versus the  yen it fetched at the close of new york trading on thursday. against the euro, the dollar is valued at $ compared to yesterday's $
967	silver futures discussions. are you playing  rub game?
970	us 500 futures discussions.   china couldnt even stop a tiny island nation from invading them and stealing all thier gold. you think their going to invade the us. they already invaded with chinese take out restaurant's, thats about it.
980	gold futures discussions. weak bulls...
988	silver futures discussions. 25 to 35 is very easy
991	gold futures discussions.     yes that's followed  but  npa  : )   after all .... may be it's a trick
993	silver futures discussions. buy physical. drain the vault!
1001	gold futures discussions. nice $3 from $1766, by dips again
1015	gold futures discussions. have u sold ur past dips?
1018	gold futures discussions. us market will start with the opening dump as usual this week. however i don't think the support will be able to hold the line today on rising dollar
